README.md, before:

# Angular Material Extended

This project contains some useful components to extends [Angular Material](https://material.angular.io/)


[demo](https://luisvt-angular.github.io/angular-material-extended)

# Components

- [matx-input](https://luisvt-angular.github.io/angular-material-extended/#/matx-input)
- [matx-autocomplete](https://luisvt-angular.github.io/angular-material-extended/#/matx-autocomplete)
- [matx-gmap-autocomplete](https://luisvt-angular.github.io/angular-material-extended/#/matx-gmap-autocomplete)
- [matx-back-button](https://luisvt-angular.github.io/angular-material-extended/#/matx-back-button)
- [matx-menu-button](https://luisvt-angular.github.io/angular-material-extended/#/matx-menu-button)
- [matx-select](https://luisvt-angular.github.io/angular-material-extended/#/matx-select)
- [matx-prompt](https://luisvt-angular.github.io/angular-material-extended/#/matx-prompt)

# Contributing

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name --project=angular-material-extended` to generate a new library component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build Demo

run:

```
yarn run build_lib
```

## Build Library

Run `ng build --prod angular-material-extended` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

Commit message:

0.11.1 - Upgrade dependencies and `tsconfig` files

README.md, after:

# Angular Material Extended

This project contains some useful components to extends [Angular Material](https://material.angular.io/)


[demo](https://luisvt-angular.github.io/angular-material-extended)

# Components

- [matx-input](https://luisvt-angular.github.io/angular-material-extended/#/matx-input)
- [matx-autocomplete](https://luisvt-angular.github.io/angular-material-extended/#/matx-autocomplete)
- [matx-datepicker](https://luisvt-angular.github.io/angular-material-extended/#/matx-datepicker)
- [matx-gmap-autocomplete](https://luisvt-angular.github.io/angular-material-extended/#/matx-gmap-autocomplete)
- [matx-back-button](https://luisvt-angular.github.io/angular-material-extended/#/matx-back-button)
- [matx-menu-button](https://luisvt-angular.github.io/angular-material-extended/#/matx-menu-button)
- [matx-select](https://luisvt-angular.github.io/angular-material-extended/#/matx-select)
- [matx-prompt](https://luisvt-angular.github.io/angular-material-extended/#/matx-prompt)
- [matx-nav-tree](https://luisvt-angular.github.io/angular-material-extended/#/matx-nav-tree)

# Contributing

## Install dependencies

To install dependencies it will be used [pnpm](https://pnpm.js.org/) as package manager, so run: 

```shell script
pnpm i
```

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name --project=angular-material-extended` to generate a new library component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build Demo

run:

```
pnpm run build_demo
```

## Build Library

run:

```
pnpm run prepublish_lib
```

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).
